General:

This is a full-blown version. It lets you draw free curves that will stay as
they are and others that will be converted to polylines and polygons (convex or
not) it lets you select them, modify them and move them around. It allows you to
embed unconverted curves into converted convex polygons.
It also allows you to pan, rotate and center the whole 'drawing surface'. 

It displays a grid and a minimalistic user interface that lets you concentrate 
in your drawing. The user interaction is based on 'modes' that are controlled 
with the keyboard arrows. The modes are 'conversion' (default), 'selection', 
'navigation', 'creation' and 'configuration' (not used yet) and can be made 
"sticky" by pressing enter. The current mode, zoom and time are displayed on 
screen. 

In navigation mode two bent two-way arrows are displayed on a circle (the ones 
from the 'Display Lists' version) together with a indication of the current 
rotation. The user can pan the drawing surface by dragging the part inside the 
arrows, zoom it in/out by dragging the arrows themselves and rotate it by 
dragging the part outside the arrows.

It enables you to connect polygons with polylines and disconnect them. When the 
objects are moved, they retain their connections.

Internally the program supports multiple colors and line widths but currently 
there is no gui to create them. Compile with START_WITH_CONTENT defined to '1' 
to see some shapes with different colors/line widths and manipulate them.


Usage:

mode defaults to conversion.
<hold down arrow> for selection mode.
<hold right arrow> for navigation mode.
<hold up arrow> for creation mode.
<hold left arrow> for configuration mode. (not implemented yet)
<press enter> to toggle between 'hold for mode' and 'press for mode'
<press escape> to exit.
<hold left mouse button> and <move mouse> to draw.

<release left mouse button> while in conversion mode to convert free-form curve 
    to polyline/polygon. Free-form curves created in creation mode and enclosed 
    by the (convex) polygon are embedded automatically. Loops are closed 
    automatically.

    Draw a line in conversion mode connecting two 'sockets' (large dots on a 
    polygon's vertices, edge midpoints and barycenter) to have converted line 
    connect them.

<press left mouse button> while in selection mode to select/deselect something.
    Clicking on a filled interior of a shape selects shape.
    Clicking on an edge selects the edge.
    Clicking on a vertex selects the vertex.
    Double-Clicking on any point of shape selects shape.
    Clicking on background deselects current selection.
    
    Click and hold on object to move it around.
    Moving a vertex or edge modifies a shape.
    Moving an object moves all or parts of connected shapes.
        Moving a polygon moves connected edge. (or vertex if other vertex of 
            edge anchored in other polygon.
        Moving an edge moves connected polygon(s).
        Moving a polyline moves connected polygon(s).
        Moving a vertex moves connected polygon.
        Moving vertex or edge of a polygon moves object connected to vertex/edge 
            as though the polygon had been moved. Objects connected to other 
            parts of polygon remain unchanged.
            
    Move plug (endpoint of polyline) to socket to highlight socket. Release 
    while highlighted to connect plug to socket.
    <hold up arrow> with an object connected to socket to disconnect it.
    <release up arrow> with no socket highlighted to make disconnection 
        permanent.
        
Only left mouse button, up,down,left,right arrow and enter press/release events, 
escape press event and mouse move event are used.
